1.
Welcome to introduction of economics. The textbook for this course "Economics for the new millennium" is available at the university bookstore. The price is a bit steep. But I think you will find it is well worth it. Please bring your book to the next class. There will be 2 exams: a midterm and the final. In addition to which your will write several short research papers.
2.
All of you need to aware of our return policy. Please don't accept any return from customer without a dated receipt. Also make sure all return items are in good condition before accepting them. Check the items carefully as we had had problem in the past with customer returning damage goods. Remember we issue store credit, not cash for return. If you receive complaint about this. Please let me know.
3.
You have reach doctor ... office. It this is an emergency, please hand up and call an ambulance. If you would like to make an appointment or ask for medical advice, please call back during our regular office hour. We are open from 10 to 6 Monday through Friday, and from 9 to 12 on the first Saturday of each month. You need to make an appointment because we don't accept walk-in. Thank you
4.
Remind the passenger that we will be landing shortly. Check to make sure all the seat belt are fasten and ask the passenger to turn off all cell phone and recording devices. Find out if there is anyone with small children  requiring extra assistance. Or if anyone need help getting to connecting flight.
5.
The following is a public service announcement. Brought to you by radio XYZ . Because of the drought, government official are asking all city resident to conserve water. Resident are asked not to fill their swimming pool or water the garden until further notice. Right now, the govern is asking resident to do this on voluntary basis. Although if the situation become severe, it is possible that fine will be impose. Stay tuned to radio XYZ for the latest update.
6.
Thank you for calling city hot line. Your information source for all city events. For theater schedule and ticket order press 1. For museum information including information on special exhibition - the lecture series of the art museum, and ... and film history museum, press 2. To hear about upcoming sport event at city stadium, press 3.  To speak to an operator, please stay on the line.
