1.
Hi Fred. I'm calling because, uh, I think I left my briefcase in your office.  I wonder I you could check if it was there. But obviously you're not in your office now. I wanted to come over and pickup the briefcase after lunch because they have some document I need for the meeting this afternoon. So please call me as soon as you get this message. In the meantime, I'll call your assistant now and see if he can help me. Because I really need those documents. OK. Bye.
2.
Welcome to Fill Home ....  We're please to present Ms. Sue Kim playing a violin concerto. The concert this evening will be preceded by a brief talk by Professor Robert Simon on the history of violin. Mr. Simon has lectures on violin all around the world. Following the performance we'll go to the lobby to enjoy the refreshment. Now here is our director who will introduce Professor Simon.
3.
When entering the building please sign in at the desk and get a visitor pass. Do not lose this pass.  You will need to wear it all time when you're in the building. Then wait for an escort to accompany you to your destination. You must also be escorted back to the reception desk. Please don't forget to sign out and return the pass when leaving. Thank you for your cooperation.
4.
Attention customer! The store will close on 15 minutes. Take all your purchases to the cash here now. If you're buying five or fewer items and paying with cash. You can use the express checkout lane. Please have your receipt ready to show the guard when leaving the store. Check to make sure all your items are the right size and color before you pay as we don't accept returns.
5.
Coming up after  the news is our weekend weather report. Then reporter Tom Tel will interview Susan Gilbert about her new book - How to give rich stock market. Ms. Gilbert is  ... expert in investing and finance . And right the weekly newspaper column - You and your money - that should be a very informative show. Now Perter Cook with the news.
6.
Hello Mr. Kim. You want the report  on yesterday meeting. It went very well. The only problem was Ms. Green wasn't able to make present. So we could not hear how marketing report. However she will give ... next meeting. We started with the budget report and cover to everything else on the agenda. We use the extra time to discuss the conference plan more thoroughly. I hope to see you at the next meeting.
